[WP-1655][WP-1656][WP-1657] SDK documentation improvement (#9)
wazo-communication/developers.wazo.io: docs/plugins/ui/development.md

---
displayed_sidebar: pluginsSidebar
title: Development | UI Plugin
---

# Development Guide

Welcome to the Development Guide for Wazo plugins. This guide is designed to help you navigate the process of developing a Wazo plugin, from initial setup to deployment.

If you're new to Wazo, you might want to familiarize yourself with its architecture and concepts before diving into plugin development. For a comprehensive understanding of Wazo, check out the [our API documentation](https://api.wazo.io/).

## During development

> Developers can install a plugin from a `localhost` environment. Example the manifest URL could be `https://localhost:3000/manifest.json`. Just keep in mind to don't install it for a real client, because users will not be able to load a plugin from a `localhost` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers can install a plugin from a `localhost` environment. Example the manifest URL could be `https://localhost:3000/manifest.json`. Just keep in mind not to install it for a real client, as users will not be able to load a plugin from a `localhost` environment.
```

> [CORS](#cors) need to be well configured to be able to install a local plugin. The process to install a local vs production plugin is the same, please refer to the [distributing section](#distributing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CORS](#cors) need to be configured to be able to install a local plugin. The process to install a local vs production plugin is the same, please refer to the [distributing section](#distributing).
```
I'd argue, a correct configuration is a given :smile:
